{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red67\green67\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make the following changes in the Xcode before running the application in your iPhone/iPad devices.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click on edit scheme for KRelease mode in Xcode.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For Run -> Options tab make sure the Core Location is checked and select default location to 'Mumbai India'.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select 'VMAppWithKonyLib' project in Xcode.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For KRelease target select 'info' tab.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add 'NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription' key.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Also select 'Capabilities' under KRelease target and make sure to check the below modes. i. Location updates. ii. Uses Bluetooth LE accessories. iii. Acts as Bluetooth LE accessories. iv. Remote notifications\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now run the application in iPhone/iPad devices with iOS 7 devices supporting BLE. These are iPhone 4S and up, iPad mini and iPad 3 and up.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Go to settings application in your iPhone/iPad device and select your application.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Click on Location and select 'Always' option.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now click on 'Turn into iBeacons' on one iPhone and 'Locate iBeacons' in another iPhone.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now we can see the beacons are located in the iPhone devices. Please find the attached screenshots for your reference.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 PFA the fat file(libKLBeacon.a) for iBeacon FFI and replace the one in your sample application with this one. This has got the fix that doesn't need manually setting the location authorisation to "Always" from iPhone settings for the App.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 We'll update the developer portal and git hub sample app with the changes soon.\cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Please find the attached application which is working fine.\uc0\u8232 We have tested the same in iOS Plugins 6.5.3 r11 using Xcode 7.3.1.\u8232 iPhone devices used iPhone 6 & SE iOS version 9.3.2.\
}